docs: Restructure Get started and move quick start under Actor development (#2756)
apify/apify-docs: sources/platform/get-started/index.mdx

---
title: Get started
description: Learn how the Apify platform works - what Actors are, how they get to Apify Store, and how to start by running existing Actors or building your own.
sidebar_label: Overview
sidebar_position: 0
slug: /get-started
pagination_next: null
pagination_prev: null
---

Apify is a cloud platform for web scraping, data extraction, and automation. Everything on it revolves around _Actors_ - serverless programs that run in the cloud. This page explains how the platform fits together and where to start, whether you want to use existing tools or build your own.

## How Apify works

An Actor takes a structured JSON input, performs a job - scraping a website, automating a browser, processing data - and stores its results on the platform. Results typically land in a structured dataset you can export or send elsewhere. You can start an Actor manually in Apify Console, call it through the [API](/api/v2), or put it on a [schedule](/actors/running/schedules).

> Because every Actor shares this input → run → output model, they compose. One Actor's output can feed another, results flow into [integrations](/integrations) like Make, Zapier, or n8n, and you can call any Actor from your code like a regular API.

Reviewer: Shouldn't we also link here our integration pages?

```suggestion
Because Actors share this input > run > output model, they compose. One Actor's output can feed another, results flow into [integrations](/integrations) like Make, Zapier, or n8n, and you can call any Actor from your code like a regular API.
```
